Added CN info to the 2nd note under table 2 (#9672)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/select-types-of-rules-to-create.md

> When you create WDAC policies with [New-CIPolicy](/powershell/module/configci/new-cipolicy), you can specify a primary file rule level by including the **-Level** parameter. For discovered binaries that cannot be trusted based on the primary file rule criteria, use the **-Fallback** parameter. For example, if the primary file rule level is PCACertificate but you would like to trust the unsigned applications as well, using the Hash rule level as a fallback adds the hash values of binaries that did not have a signing certificate.

> [!NOTE]
> - WDAC only supports signer rules for RSA certificate signing keys with a maximum of 4096 bits.

> > - CN is what the code uses for the CertSubject and CertIssuer fields in the policy. You can use the inbox certutil to look at the underlying format and ensure UTF-8 is not being used for the CN. For example, printable string or IA5 or BMP is ok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The code uses the CN for the CertSubject and CertIssuer fields in the policy. You can use the inbox certutil to look at the underlying format; ensure that UTF-8 is not used for the CN. For example, you can use printable string, IA5, or BMP.
```
